This is an exercise repository. If you are interested in this cheescake recipe ---> https://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-perfect-cheesecake-recipe-cooking-lessons-from-the-kitchen-110760 ;)


Cheesecake should never be a source of anything except pure bliss. Not distress. Not frustration. Certainly never tears. Just dreamy, decadent, nonstop bliss.

So let’s break down this whole process into easy pieces. Let’s talk about ingredients, water baths, dealing with surface cracks — the whole shebang. Here’s a step-by-step recipe that will help you make a creamy, no-fail cheesecake that is everything you ever dreamed it could be. 

Tip:
3 Tips for Perfect Cheesecake:
1 Use a water bath. Baking the cheesecake in a water bath makes it extra creamy.
2 Don’t overbake. You’ll know it’s ready when the outer ring is slightly puffed, but the inner circle jiggles like barely set Jell-o.
3 Let it cool slowly. Let the cheesecake sit in the turned-off oven with the door cracked for one hour, remove it from the water bath and let it cool completely on the stovetop, then chill in the fridge overnight.

What Are the Key Ingredients for a Great Cheesecake?

- Cream cheese: Specifically, full-fat cream cheese. Cheesecake is not the time to skimp.
- Sour cream: Most cheesecake recipes use either heavy cream or sour cream; either will do the job of softening the texture of the cheese and adding some moisture. I prefer sour cream because I like the extra hit of sour tang it adds to the cake.
- Eggs: Three whole eggs hold the cheesecake together. I also add an extra yolk, which enhances the cake’s velvety texture. (Whites tend to lighten the cake, which is actually fine — if you don’t feel like separating that fourth egg and don’t mind some extra airiness in the texture, just add in the whole egg.)


Three whole eggs
Cream cheese
Sour cream
1 bowl of strawberries
some sugar
500g flower
0.25l water
A water bath is also not that hard:

1 Wrap the cheesecake pan in foil to help keep any water from seeping through the cracks of the pan.
2 Set the cheesecake in a roasting pan or other large baking dish.
3 Fill it with a few inches of water, and put the whole contraption in the oven.


